Update JDBC information (#11916)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-choose-driver-or-orm.md

> **Tip:**
>

> > Since there is an [bug](https://bugs.mysql.com/bug.php?id=106252) in the Connector/J 8.0 versions before 8.0.32, which might cause threads to hang when using TiDB versions earlier than v6.3.0. It is recommended that you use MySQL Connector/J 8.0.32 or newer or TiDB JDBC (see the *TiDB-JDBC* tab).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> There is a [bug](https://bugs.mysql.com/bug.php?id=106252) in the Connector/J 8.0 versions before 8.0.32, which might cause threads to hang when using TiDB versions earlier than v6.3.0. To avoid this issue, it is recommended that you use either MySQL Connector/J 8.0.32 or a later version, or the TiDB JDBC (see the *TiDB-JDBC* tab).
```
